index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---

<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="./favicon.ico">

<div class="wrapper" markdown="0"><div class="footer-col-wrapper">
<div class="footer-col two-col-2">
	<ul class="contact-list">
		<li><b>Prof. Roozbeh Haghnazar: </b><a href="mailto:roozbeh@gwu.edu">roozbeh@gwu.edu</a></li>
		<li><b>Jugal Gajjar: </b><a href="mailto:jugal.gajjar@gwu.edu">jugal.gajjar@gwu.edu</a></li>
	</ul>
	</div>
</div></div>

> In this Big Data and Analytics course at George Washington University, students will embark on an interdisciplinary journey to unlock the potential of large-scale data sets. Leveraging cutting-edge tools and methodologies, the course covers the complete data lifecycle, from data acquisition and storage to analysis and visualization. Designed to equip students with both theoretical knowledge and practical skills, the course delves into real-world applications, ranging from business decision-making to scientific research. With an emphasis on critical thinking and collaboration, students will leave the course prepared to translate complex data into actionable insights.

## Announcements ##
- Check the [Final Project](/fall2025/projects) for details regarding the final semester project.
- We use Slack to communicate and discuss about the topic, assignments and project. You can join the community using this [Link](https://join.slack.com/t/bigdatafall2025/shared_invite/zt-3czbn3r38-IKaSTG5Lh0MAVWbKEGim0w).
- Check the [Syllabus](/fall2025/syllabus) for more info.


<hr>

## Schedule  ##

All deadlines are 11:59PM Eastern Time

<div style="font-size:90%">

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Introduction to Big Data</b>
			<br>09/25/2025
		</td>
		<td>
			<a href="./slides/1-Introduction.pdf">Lecture Slides</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
			<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/bigdatafall2025/shared_invite/zt-3czbn3r38-IKaSTG5Lh0MAVWbKEGim0w">Join Slack</a> today!
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Types of Data and Data Collection</b>
			<br>09/08/2025
		</td>
		<td>
			<a href="./slides/2-Types of Data and Data Collection.pdf">Lecture Slides</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Gen AI and Big Data</b>
			<br>09/15/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Big Data Storage and Databases</b>
			<br>09/22/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Cloud Computing and Big data Platforms and services</b>
			<br>09/29/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 	
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Descriptive and Inferential Data Analysis</b>
			<br>10/06/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="width:20%">
			<b>Big Data on Cloud</b>
			<br>10/13/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Data Preprocessing</b>
			<br>10/19/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Invited Lecturer</b>
			<br>10/26/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Advanced-Data Analysis Techniques</b>
			<br>11/03/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Graph Data and Analysis and Graph ML</b>
			<br>11/10/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Machine Learning and Big Data - Scalable ML, interpretability & fairness</b>
			<br>11/17/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
            <i>Tasks:</i>
        </td>
        <td>
        </td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Data Visualization Tools</b>
			<br>12/01/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

</div>

Commit message:

Update index.markdown to add calendly link

index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---

<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="./favicon.ico">

<div class="wrapper" markdown="0"><div class="footer-col-wrapper">
<div class="footer-col two-col-2">
	<ul class="contact-list">
		<li><b>Prof. Roozbeh Haghnazar: </b><a href="mailto:roozbeh@gwu.edu">roozbeh@gwu.edu</a></li>
		<li><b>Jugal Gajjar: </b><a href="mailto:jugal.gajjar@gwu.edu">jugal.gajjar@gwu.edu</a></li>
	</ul>
	</div>
</div></div>

> In this Big Data and Analytics course at George Washington University, students will embark on an interdisciplinary journey to unlock the potential of large-scale data sets. Leveraging cutting-edge tools and methodologies, the course covers the complete data lifecycle, from data acquisition and storage to analysis and visualization. Designed to equip students with both theoretical knowledge and practical skills, the course delves into real-world applications, ranging from business decision-making to scientific research. With an emphasis on critical thinking and collaboration, students will leave the course prepared to translate complex data into actionable insights.

## Announcements ##
- Office hours can be scheduled on weekends using this [Link](https://calendly.com/roozbeh-haghnazar/office-hour).
- Check the [Final Project](/fall2025/projects) for details regarding the final semester project.
- We use Slack to communicate and discuss about the topic, assignments and project. You can join the community using this [Link](https://join.slack.com/t/bigdatafall2025/shared_invite/zt-3czbn3r38-IKaSTG5Lh0MAVWbKEGim0w).
- Check the [Syllabus](/fall2025/syllabus) for more info.


<hr>

## Schedule  ##

All deadlines are 11:59PM Eastern Time

<div style="font-size:90%">

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Introduction to Big Data</b>
			<br>09/25/2025
		</td>
		<td>
			<a href="./slides/1-Introduction.pdf">Lecture Slides</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
			<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/bigdatafall2025/shared_invite/zt-3czbn3r38-IKaSTG5Lh0MAVWbKEGim0w">Join Slack</a> today!
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Types of Data and Data Collection</b>
			<br>09/08/2025
		</td>
		<td>
			<a href="./slides/2-Types of Data and Data Collection.pdf">Lecture Slides</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Gen AI and Big Data</b>
			<br>09/15/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Big Data Storage and Databases</b>
			<br>09/22/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Cloud Computing and Big data Platforms and services</b>
			<br>09/29/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 	
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Descriptive and Inferential Data Analysis</b>
			<br>10/06/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td> 
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="width:20%">
			<b>Big Data on Cloud</b>
			<br>10/13/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Data Preprocessing</b>
			<br>10/19/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Invited Lecturer</b>
			<br>10/26/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Advanced-Data Analysis Techniques</b>
			<br>11/03/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Graph Data and Analysis and Graph ML</b>
			<br>11/10/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Machine Learning and Big Data - Scalable ML, interpretability & fairness</b>
			<br>11/17/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
            <i>Tasks:</i>
        </td>
        <td>
        </td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<b>Data Visualization Tools</b>
			<br>12/01/2025
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td style="text-align:right">
			<i>Tasks:</i>
		</td>
		<td>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

</div>
